Wallet: mint-coins functionality (#165)
Off-Narrative-Labs/Tuxedo: wallet/README.md

Let's "split" this coin by creating a transaction that spends it and creates two new coins worth 40 and 50, burning the remaining 10.

### Minting coins

> It is possible to mint the coins via wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to mint new coins with the wallet.
```

Author: This is updated.

We can optionally pass the amount and public key of the owner as arguments to mint_coins.
If optional arguments are not passed below are the default values:
the amount is 100 coin
owner(public key) is 0xd2bf4b844dfefd6772a8843e669f943408966a977e3ae2af1dd78e0f55f4df67 i.e SHAWN_PUB_KEY

```sh
$ tuxedo-template-wallet mint-coins \
 --owner f41a866782d45a4d2d8a623a097c62aee6955a9e580985e3910ba49eded9e06b \
 --amount 700 \

[2024-01-16T07:23:31Z INFO  tuxedo_template_wallet] Number of blocks in the db: 66
[2024-01-16T07:23:32Z INFO  tuxedo_template_wallet] Wallet database synchronized with node to height 260
Minted coin from storage = (Coin(700), Sr25519Signature(Sr25519Signature { owner_pubkey: 0xd2bf4b844dfefd6772a8843e669f943408966a977e3ae2af1dd78e0f55f4df67 }))

Now check all the coins available in the wallet, newly minted coins must exist by the below cmd.

> 

Reviewer: Where is the end of the code block? Shouldn't there be another three ticks somewhere?

Author: Sorry I missed it earlier, now I added it.

Reviewer: But it still isn't quite right. You have English sentences inside the code block now. You can see it rendered here https://github.com/NadigerAmit/Tuxedo-mint-coin-feature/tree/main/wallet#minting-coins

Author: I fixed it.
Also fixed the mint-coin section in a better place so that the user learning flow is not broken.

In this case we didn't specify a recipient of the new outputs, so the same default address was used. Next let's explore using some other keys.

### Minting coins

It is possible to mint new coins with the wallet.
We can optionally pass the amount and public key of the owner as arguments to mint_coins.
If optional arguments are not passed below are the default values:

> the amount is 100 coin

Reviewer: The end of the previous section says, "Now let's explore using some other keys." And before this PR it went on to the section called "Using your own keys". But now you have inserted a section about minting in between so that transition does not make sense any more. I think minting should go first or last.
